well howdy there and have people let's
bow again so tonight I'm gonna start off
with a story now if you tuned in early
on in the series of videos on Facebook
you've probably already heard it but it
bears repeating I heard this story when
I was a kid and it stuck with me it was
uh really something so this guy he's
just enamoured myspace everything about
it
and he loves astronauts well one day he
gets on a plane and the stewardess walks
the sky back and sits him down next to
it and it's an astronaut one of the
famous ones - we're talking Buzz Aldrin
or is somebody like that Neil Armstrong
maybe I can't remember exactly who so
this guy he's just overcome he's
ecstatic his hero is sitting next to him
so of course he keeps trying to start up
a conversation with him and of course
he's nervous so he keeps making a fool
of himself but at one point he looks out
the window any comments on how small the
houses are and the astronaut looks out
the window and he tells him roughly how
high up they are tells him their
altitude based on the fact that he can
he said it because the structures on the
earth are still visible and the guy just
loved that he was his legs man I'm
calling it the ground and this dude's
calling it the earth that's why he's an
astronaut and he keeps trying to spark
up a conversation with it but it never
works never goes anywhere eventually the
astronaut pulls out a book on Portuguese
art that's what it was on
and the guy looks at him and he's like
you're an astronaut why are you reading
a book about Portuguese art because I
don't know anything about it that's why
he's an astronaut one of the most common
questions I get in my inbox is what do
you read you know I guess because of the
variety of topics that I talk about
people assume I'm well-read and that's
true I read all the time all the time
and there were periods in my life when I
had a whole lot of time to read I'm
lucky though I'm very lucky in the sense
that my job in my life gives me that
time to read acquires it in a way the
average person in the u.s. doesn't have
that kind of time
they don't have leisure time to sit down
and read we live busy lives so the
question I got was how do you become
well-read if you don't have time to read
there's an app for that
there is an app for that if you're on
Droid it's free it's called LibriVox
that's it's a non-profit I don't know if
it's on a iphone or if it cost on iphone
or not but thousands thousands of
audiobooks everything modern stuff the
stuff that's out of print everything
from Moby Dick to Sherlock Holmes to the
art of war it's all on there so you can
put that out on your phone and you can
listen to it while you're cooking dinner
or on your commute to work and if you
did it just those two times knock out 30
or 40 books a year and it's important
because it's beyond beyond just the
education and understanding and be able
to being able to discuss the books in
all of those books there's something you
can take away from it in every book it
just like that story it's just a guy
talking to another guy on an airplane
but there was something profound in it
almost every book is like that and every
book on LibriVox there's certainly
something you can take away from it
learning about different periods and
times and different places and seeing
the eyes or seeing the world through the
eyes of the author of all of these
different authors I hope you understand
what's going on today and a lot of ways
it gives you a better understanding of
the world it helps with education versus
credentialing so it's definitely
something that I would I would recommend
just remember when you're doing it
banned books are the best books you know
the National Library Association they
put out a list every year of the most
challenged books you know the ones that
people try to remove from libraries and
stuff like that those are always the
best and just just because I'm sure
somebody will ask no this isn't a
commercial for LibriVox they did not pay
me
they don't even know I'm talking about
right now um if you want to become
well-read you probably don't have the
time but this is a way to get that
there's always a way there's always a
way to accomplish your goal here's a
cheat and it works anyway it's just a
fault
y'all have a good night